Hello everyone and welcome to this project.
All right so let's see how can we implement the learning that we had in the previous section and actually
fitting that image quality image and converted from college to Wisco and to apply some twin effects.
OK.
So first we're going to import all the modules in all the libraries that we need.
So we're going to import mad plot lib that image.
MP.
I m.g. Okay we're going to use it to simply show you how you want to load for example images if you
had to perform some many policemen to the image you're going to be very handy for us.
And then we're going to implement met plot leap the pipeline.
SB ulti we're going to import nump high as MP which is again for four numerical analysis.
There were going to import the ketu which is the open sea the library which can be used again to the
image manipulation and so on.
So again it's a very powerful library.
And I say how can we how can we use it.
So let's run this portion first.
The next step is going to see how can we load an image which has a coloured image.
We're going to see how can we take that image and converted from colour to greyscale.
OK.
So again a very simple very easy exercise.
So we're going to do is a way to save an image which is here just you know like image of of Justin trudeau
which is again you know like a Canadian prime minister as we speak right now.
So we're going to load that image which is a coloured image.
And what we're going to do with him in that image and convert it to Greece go to in order to do that
we're going to use MP I am geoduck image read.
OK.
And they were going to pass along this ching.
They chose the actual title of the image and the image has to be there working the scene working directly
as you're current folder.
Again the images actually contain as well within the package.
So for once you don't know the cause speckles you're going to come across the image and then use that
image you'll get to be loaded and maybe lower hearings or image column.
And you can call it whatever you want.
Let's run it.
That's again a trend.
So let's if what if we want to show the actual image.
So and do it.
I mean you use plot dot image show and then we're going to pass along our image column which is are
readable here.
OK.
All right.
So let's run it.
Once you're on it.
You can get the image here and the good thing about you know the Jupiter not books you can actually
view your image right within the notebook itself which is pretty.
Pretty interesting.
OK.
So first node is.
How many pixels do we have.
All right.
So if you look here you would see the images around that say 500 600 by 800 pixels.
That's the basic dimensions of our image.
And again if you go as you call before because it's an image then we have three channels red blue and
green grey.
It's all going to do it.
We're going to do if you wanted to get the shape up of the shape method it's going to use the image
column which is our image dot shape that we're going to give us the dimensions of our environment that's
actually on it as okay.
Looks pretty good.
So here we have five hundred and sixty nine pixels 569 and we have 800 with.
Okay.
And then we have three three actually indicates the number of channels that we have which makes sense
because we have a coloured image so we have three channels as we speak.
Okay.
That's pretty much how can you leave an image with an open CV.
All within python in general because here we actually use MPI mge imagery that should load our image.
All right.
OK.
So the next step is we wanted to show how can we take that image and actually convert it to greyscale.
Obviously you don't want to go and do any like magic in there.
To use all the uranium for us functions and methods.
We're going to be using Treacher do all the conversion for us it's very easy.
All right.
So we're going to do we're going to use again open CV.
So going to use CV to dot CV to choler.
Okay.
Which is a very powerful tool that we can use.
They can pass along our image which is image choler and they're going to pass here.
Our what we wanted to do with the image to get to pass along CV to dot choler b.g. r which is blue blue
green and red which is our basically colours kind of space to grey.
Okay.
My apologies to grey and that we're simply going to convert it again from closed format to greyscale
format that we're going to get in get out of here is simply going to pass that along to our image.
Great.
Okay.
And then we're going to use again that initial going a lot in history but I won't use a colour map of
grey here because again our image right now is not column anymore.
It's actually greyscale.
And we actually one check that we need to do that we need to check the shape of our image to make sure
that's actually one dimension only has only one channel.
OK.
Let's let's.
So as you can see here.
So we plug in we have our image in we have our greyscale image image.
Cindy mentions no problem but it's a greyscale OK.
The next step is we're going to take our image Grey and they apply cheap method to it.
So if one is Intel yorki actually has five other six nine by eight hundred and that's it.
We actually don't have the three here anymore.
Why.
Because we don't have the coloureds space anymore.
It's only one dimension Matrix or list that has all the values that we need with each pixel has simply
values that range from zero to 25.
Actually it's confirmed that point if we look at the actual not the actual image when you look at the
actual digital values actual pixels.
Let's stay on it.
So that's our image grey guess can see here.
Simply it's it's kind of a really your list here.
We have different pixels with different values so we we have 19 21 161 126 which is simply each of the
pixels here representing the.
As I mentioned earlier where zero indicates black 255 indicates white.
So all these pixels for instance indicates white so he did this because his actual digital value of
let's say around 255 you're on these black pixels are showing a value of zero.
Ah.
And that's how can you take an image converted from column to greyscale using open civi.
Okay.
You can again try different images.
You can you know we can do a lot of a lot of things again here.
This is not like in our computer vision course persay is just giving you an idea of the power of Python
what we can do with it happening to do with our librans is one or it.
Okay.
Great.
What we could do here is they wanted to show two additional things that we can do first.
We can actually see image.
See the greyscale image.
So going to do here going to use open seabee as well to see to that image.
Right.
And then we're going to pass along our image grey which is what we defined here which has came out of
our function.
The argument that came out out of it and then were going to specify the name of our image.
When I see it again in our working directory but we want to save it we can specify the name so we were
all talking imaged or greyscale g pge.
It did make it true that means we actually see that.
So if you're going out with a working directive you can actually take a look and see that there is an
actual image of descriptive scale object.
OK.
Perfect.
So now we know how can we load that image coloured image converter from colour to Crisco and then save
it actually to whatever the workspace.
The last topic that I wanted to discuss here in our hour of kind of you know Minnies get project they're
going to apply cartoon effect on an image take whatever image you not going to be fun because you can
load your own image for instance and you know show it to your friends and family for example and show
you how can you and all that do you learn.
You know some programming skills are going a larger image actually converted to cut down or create some
cartoon effects.
OK.
So again he is going to lower that image but he'll have better luck than image with a different way.
So we actually can use see the or which is key to that imagery.
All you can use.
I'm just giving you all the different ideas actually loading the image or use.
MP I am geed that imagery.
But you know the exact same thing which.
So he would load of the image again.
See that imagery.
Trudeau gcg and there will be Oracle.
And then what you're going to do here is agree to use against open CV has tons of libraries.
You can take you know like open CV there is you know just to cover it.
We need just like I think at least hundred hours course just to cover all the libraries in there and
in are going to be sufficient as well.
So what you going to do here is just going to accept just one kind of function.
OK.
Were going to collets Tyler stylisation which is kind of you know like having some style to your image
in a way picking your image adding some to effect to it.
Again you don't need to worry about how this method how this function really has been implemented.
You know how to use it which is the power to open CV you don't need to actually go and become like a
developer.
Everything from scratch you can actually use it and just pass along the tuning parameters.
And that's the beauty of Python in general.
It's an unknown old being being open source.
You can use what other people have done to your own you know like with the learning curve of like let's
say 10 minutes you can learn anything unique.
OK.
So here we have seen the imagery that will be our column image and then we're going to again call that
a function CV these two dot stylization.
I pass along our colour image and then we're going to pass along kind of tuning premolars or quality
sigmet s and sigmar you can open this up in seabee documentation.
They should go through it.
But he had just said to you you look kind of an overview Sigma controls how the image is smooth.
Okay.
So if you increase the sigmet s which is you know how the value of that thing s is large again sigmas
can dig ranges.
Values from two hundred and sigmar can think those from little one here I said it to 200 s and sing
out.
I said a two point three.
Again you can try whatever values you want here.
So largest sigmet s s s s has large imageware going to be more smooth as baby.
Way more smoother.
Okay great.
And for Sigma that's for semester four Sigma are or eight which are the other value.
Which seems again from 0 to 1.
Ok if you have small value sigmar that means the image again would be a little bit more both as well
which is kind of you would get only more removing the edges.
Okay I'm going to do as well how can we how can we do it here using these these two values.
Again you can take the image stick that code and change the values thing masting are to whatever values
you want.
OK so let's try it right.
So now basically the 7 ran and we have actually the return of that basically line going into 2 in our
image of the image.
Should the effects apply to it.
OK so I'm going to do they're going to use again CV to that image show.
I'm going to pass along here.
Our image comes to image and he'd ogan to pass along our table so we're going to have whatever he can
write whatever title you want and then here we're going to simply use cb that we key and destroyed all
windows because the window we want to use open see people were plotting images they were going to people
in a different window or a new window.
I'm going to show you exactly what you mean by this.
So once it's actually going to come across that's actually pretty cool.
So you would see that here we have our visual image before.
This is our original image which is called image.
What we did here that we had kind of know tied to it like having some cause to effect it.
You will see that here you know some some of the edges here have a little bit like blurrily in a way
and some little bit second in a way and here you can again play as well with these two parameters of
Sigma s and sigmar to change simply our values.
Here to make you know to create your own effects.
He chose you know like trudeau's image which is you know my favourite politician you can again use your
your whatever image you want you can use it.
Our place is action to it.
Right.
Okay sounds great.
So in order to destroy it's simply what's happening here.
However our image and that image is simply displayed in the code.
We're not going to be complete.
We're not going to pass this lineham on because he Were we have you know we're kind of stuck in a loop.
And that's why you need to see the wachee.
So he was waiting until you actually entered whatever key.
So you need to enter whatever so press enter for example.
That's where the image go to be destroyed our are going to be gone.
And here we can actually keep going.
And then the code is basically complete.
Right.
OK.
So that's pretty much how what you need to know.
If you wanted to get an image coloured image convert it to resko and then dig in a column image and
create some effect.
OK.
Some of the assignments for you guys I you say your own image.
And instead of having your adheres to those images you can just try to whatever events you want and
apply again your effects to it.
Okay.
One last point that I wanted to outline here.
Again if you're an open CV with find get tons of of defecations you could do get an image.
So here I just tried to maybe like a different one quality we took the pencil sketch which is simply
trying to take an image we're going to comment that line above that line is dead and that we're going
to to go to college image and going to have Sigma s and Sigma ardc and tune them to and they were going
to kind of like you know a kind of a pencil sketch of the image.
Okay.
It's pretty fun.
And again.
So we have a really begin that's that's pretty much our image again.
So you see that's you know as the exact same image but he would convert it to Walter reskill and then
create some you know some some sketch to it as if it's also been drawn by pencil.
All right.
And that's pretty much all we have for this project.
I hope you enjoy it and see you in the next party.